Add Stepper Input docs (#3586)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/stepper-input/index.mdx

---
title: Stepper input
data:

>   description: "Stepper input displays a default numeric value that users can increase or decrease using the controls or by keyboard actions. Users can also manually enter a specific value. This is particularly useful in scenarios where users need to make small adjustments to a value within a defined range. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "`StepperInput` displays a default numeric value that users can increase or decrease using the controls or by keyboard actions. Users can also manually enter a specific value. This is particularly useful in scenarios where users need to make small adjustments to a value within a defined range. "
```
